
Alcohol won't solve your problems. But then again neither will milk or orange juice.

If i had a dollar for every girl that found me unattractive, they would eventually find me attractive.

I changed my password to "incorrect". So whenever I forget what it is the computer will say "Your password is incorrect".

I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue stand for freedom until they are flashing behind you.

Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool. I gave him a glass of water.

Just read that 4,153,237 people got married last year, not to cause any trouble but shouldn't that be an even number?

Apparently I snore so loudly that it scares everyone in the car I'm driving.

I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather.. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.

A recent study has found that women who carry a little extra weight live longer than the men who mention it.

I'm great at multitasking. I can waste time, be unproductive, and procrastinate all at once.

I never wanted to believe that my friend was stealing from his job as a road worker. But when I got home, all the signs were there.

Instagram is just Twitter for people who go outside.

Been reading up on the thesaurus lately because a mind is a terrible thing to garbage.

We get it, poets: Things are like other things.

Just changed my Facebook name to ‘No one' so when I see stupid posts I can click like and it will say ‘No one likes this'.

The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.

It’s hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally.

I used to think the brain was the most important organ. Then I thought, look what’s telling me that.

The midget fortune teller who kills his customers is a small medium at large.

A farmer in the field with his cows counted 196 of them, but when he rounded them up he had 200.

The dyslexic devil worshipper sold his soul to Santa.

Why was six afraid of seven? Because seven was a well known six offender.

Time flies like an arrow, fruit flies like banana.
